okay so um I just went to bestbuy and
got a new camera and I'm really excited
so i'm going to show you all but i'm
going to show you the box and then i'm
going to show you the camera so here's
the box and i don't know how to
pronounce it um a lot of people say that
this brand of camera sucks but I really
think that it's really nice and um yeah
so I'm just gonna unbox so basically um
this right here is the camera and um
it's kind of big and bulky um let me
took the ones off and here's what it
looks like when you're taking a page the
side view and the other side view this
okay got it I'm so this is my new camera
and I'm so excited um because I just
couldn't deal with that little camera
anymore um so my old camera is actually
pretty good um I think it's just a
little sorry there's tape at the bone
because a piece broke and um yeah so
this camera cool pics and I got it this
year actually um and it's really good
actually with photography and taking
pictures in general and filmmaking too
but I need a bigger camera because it's
just I'm just hard a little camera I'll
still use this but I like them because
we all like the bigger and better things
oh you're naughty naughty girl you
naughty naughty boy wasn't thinking of
it like that most of the time I'm either
doing filmmaking or photography so this
is really like an upgraded camera is
really amazing for me it just makes
things easier and no i haven't there's
like a it came with a CD it came with
batteries it came with a cable cord take
the string it came with a strap um the
only thing and the only thing that i'm
confused about is why can't i set the
turn on apparently have to turn it on
without the ones cap on okay so
oh um I know how to work everything else
but for some reason I'm trying to figure
out why can't see through this I don't
understand why I can't I'm supposed to
be able to like look through it but
there's nothing there and I'm kind of
confused so if you know how to like do
that you should definitely message me I
mean I haven't looked through any of
instructions yet just because I know
most of the stuff but I need to hook it
up to my computer and do all that fun
stuff but um I just wanted to show you
guys my new camera so the back for my
camera isn't really um that fancy at all
and it's not really amazing but it's
like kind of cute just as flowers on it
just simple just a simple camera bad i
don't know if you can okay with my new
camera you'll probably be able i'll
probably be able to like focus more on
things because this webcam is like
stupid um but yeah i just wanted to show
you guys my camera and i'll do a quick
outfit of the day it's pretty normal and
um simple so yeah okay so i didn't
straighten my hair today just because I
don't feel like it um and that's why
it's like super like mm but so I'm just
wearing my high Kingdom London Jack
thingy right up necklace I'm with my new
um city shirt it just has different like
city buildings and stuff like that so
I'm swearing that with this holy thingy
this holy kind of Cardigan thing I guess
you could say it is and with them
swearing legs and I'm wearing we put
high socks kind of right here and then
I'm wearing my combat boots